Hi everyone!
Let's learn together some methods that you can use on strings.
Capitalize converts the first character to uppercase.
Case fold converts the string into lower case.
Count returns the number of times a specified value occurs in string, and sweet returns true if the
string ends with the specified value.
Find searches the string for a specified value and returns the position of where it was found.
Isdigit.
Returns true if all characters in the string are digits is lower.
Returns true if all characters in the string are lowercase.
We have also styled.
Returns true if the string follows the rules of title.
Lower.
Converts a string into lowercase.
Replace.
Returns a string where a specified value is replaced with other.
We have also strip returns a trimmed version of the version.
Title converts the first character of each word to uppercase.
Upper converts a string into uppercase.
Just remember that all string methods return new values.
They do not change the original string.
Let's go to PyCharm and execute some examples.
For example, the method capitalize.
We said that convert the first character to uppercase.
Let's execute the code.
The first character is converted to uppercase.
The original string it remained the same doesn't change.
Be sure that function return strings doesn't change the original string.
Here a second example case fold.
Convert a string into lowercase.
Let's execute the code.
All the string in lowercase.
The method count.
Returns the number of time of specified value.
Here we have Apple two times in this string.
The find method finds the first occurrence of the specified value.
Let's execute the code.
Here the first occurrence is the index seven.
Find.
It will return minus one if the string not found.
It test is not found in the string text.
The result it will be minus one.
The index method is almost the same as the find method.
The result?
It will be seven like the find method.
The index method also returns seven.
The first occurrence of the string.
The difference between find and index is that when the value doesn't exist in the string, the method
index will raise an exception.
Let's execute the code and see the result.
Index method.
Raise a value error.
Substring not found.
This is the difference between find and index.
Each digits return true if all characters in the string are digits.
It will return true in this example.
If we add some literal.
The result it will be false.
Is upper return true if all characters in the string are uppercase?
It will be true in this example.
If we add a lowercase the result it will be false.
Is lower.
Returns a true if all characters in this string are lowercase.
The result.
It will be true.
If we add an uppercase the result it will be false.
Also, we have this split method.
It will return a list of substring based on the separator.
Here we don't define a separator.
Let's see the result of this code.
We have a list of substring based on spaces based on white space.
Why?
Because the split function has a default separator.
When set to none, the default value will split on any white space character, including and spaces,
and will discard.
The default separator for the split method is the white space.
Here, for example, we add a separator as a comma plus a space.
Let's see the result.
We have three substrings.
This is another example with different separator.
Let's execute the code.
We have four substring and that's it for this video.
Always remember that all the method which return a string return a new string and the original string
doesn't change.